Allow use of system PCRE2 (#718)
openvinotoolkit/openvino_tokenizers: src/CMakeLists.txt

> 
> # This option must be defined early because it affects SentencePiece configuration
> option(REGENERATE_PRECOMPILED_CHARSMAP "Regenerate the precompiled charsmap header (requires ICU at build time)" OFF)
> option(ENABLE_SYSTEM_PCRE2 "Use the system-installed PCRE2 library" OFF)
> 
> if(ENABLE_SYSTEM_PCRE2)
>   find_package(PkgConfig REQUIRED)
>   pkg_check_modules(PCRE2 REQUIRED IMPORTED_TARGET libpcre2-8)
> endif()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
if(ENABLE_SYSTEM_PCRE2)
  find_package(PkgConfig REQUIRED)
  pkg_check_modules(PCRE2 REQUIRED IMPORTED_TARGET libpcre2-8)
  
  message(WARNING
    "ENABLE_SYSTEM_PCRE2=ON is an unsupported, best-effort build configuration.\n"
    "Found system PCRE2 ${PCRE2_VERSION}. Known pitfalls:\n"
    "  * Link size: the bundled build uses PCRE2_LINK_SIZE=3. Distro packages "
    "typically use the default of 2, so large tokenizer regexes may fail to "
    "compile at runtime with 'regular expression is too large'.\n"
    "  * JIT: the bundled build enables PCRE2_SUPPORT_JIT. If the system library "
    "was built without JIT, tokenization silently falls back to the interpreter "
    "and is significantly slower.\n"
    "  * The resulting binary gains a runtime dependency on the shared PCRE2 "
    "library instead of statically linking it.\n"
    "Please do not report tokenization correctness or performance issues against "
    "this configuration without first reproducing with ENABLE_SYSTEM_PCRE2=OFF.")
endif()
```
